DOCS for APID ghs feature cc (#179)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-ghs-about-github-sync.adoc

= GitHub Synchronization

> API specification designers often use multiple authoring and version control tools. This can result in having to maintain several different specification versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API specification designers often use multiple authoring and version control tools. This can result in maintaining several different specification versions. 
```

> GitHub Synchronization is a version control tool that maintains API specifications existing in several locations. Use GitHub Synchronization to enable two-way synchronization between API Designer and your GitHub repository, and automatically capture changes to API projects and send the changes to a synchronized GitHub repository of your choice. Similarly, the application automatically propagates to your API project any changes made in a synchronized GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Synchronization is a version control tool that maintains API specifications existing in several locations. Use GitHub Synchronization to enable two-way synchronization between API Designer and your GitHub repository and to automatically capture changes to API projects and send the changes to a synchronized GitHub repository of your choice. Similarly, the application automatically propagates to your API project any changes made in a synchronized GitHub repository.
```

This bidirectional flow extends API Designer into a collaborative environment where the single source of truth is always GitHub. Unlimited collaborators can share and contribute to the same content.

> You can:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: 

_Using GitHub synchronization with API Designer enables you to:_

* Create new GitHub repositories that synchronize with existing API projects.
* Create new API projects that synchronize with new GitHub repositories.
* Create new API projects that synchronize with existing remote GitHub repositories.

> To perform GitHub-specific actions, such as opening pull requests, viewing branch diffs, or viewing synchronization status use the GitHub UI. 

Reviewer 2: or viewing synchronization status**,** (add a comma)
